These are the most impressive Roman
aqueducts in Europe. The last one's one
of the finest Roman structures ever
built.
Mérida, Spain. Towering arches form a
dramatic ruined skyline over a broad
valley. Brick and stone mixed together
create multiple tiers. Tarragona, Spain.
Two delicate tiers of arches crossing a
steep valley. But what struck me, you
can actually walk through its open
channel.
Aqueduct of Valens, Constantinople.
Nearly a kilometer long. Though average
in height, in person it feels massive
with thick piers stretching across the
city.
Segovia, Spain. Right in the middle of
the city.
Perfect proportions and beautiful
shadows. People just walk beneath it.
Pont du Gard, France. The finest of them
all. Three tiers, nearly twice as high
as the others. But it's the setting, the
color of the stone, the river, the
landscape. It feels almost unreal.
Subscribe for more incredible
architecture.